README.md, before:

<!-- Please do not edit this file. Edit the `blah` field in the `package.json` instead. If in doubt, open an issue. -->


# MS-DOS Editor Theme

 [Support me on Patreon][patreon] |  [Buy me a book][amazon] |  [PayPal][paypal-donations] |  [Ask me anything](https://github.com/IonicaBizau/ama)

> An MS-DOS Editor like theme for Visual Studio Code. It is blue.

It's important to install [this font (DOS VGA 437 Win)](https://www.dafont.com/perfect-dos-vga-437.font).

[![ms-dos-editor-theme](https://i.imgur.com/dPXIhK5.png)](#)

## :yum: How to contribute
Have an idea? Found a bug? See [how to contribute][contributing].


## :sparkling_heart: Support my projects

I open-source almost everything I can, and I try to reply everyone needing help using these projects. Obviously,
this takes time. You can integrate and use these projects in your applications *for free*! You can even change the source code and redistribute (even resell it).

However, if you get some profit from this or just want to encourage me to continue creating stuff, there are few ways you can do it:


 - Starring and sharing the projects you like :rocket:
 - [Buy me a book][amazon]—I love books! I will remember you after years if you buy me one. :grin: :book:
 - [PayPal][paypal-donations]—You can make one-time donations via PayPal. I'll probably buy a ~~coffee~~ tea. :tea:
 - [Support me on Patreon][patreon]—Set up a recurring monthly donation and you will get interesting news about what I'm doing (things that I don't share with everyone).
 - **Bitcoin**—You can send me bitcoins at this address (or scanning the code below): `1P9BRsmazNQcuyTxEqveUsnf5CERdq35V6`

    ![](https://i.imgur.com/z6OQI95.png)


Thanks! :heart:



## :scroll: License

[MIT][license] © [Ionică Bizău][website]


[patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/ionicabizau
[amazon]: http://amzn.eu/hRo9sIZ
[paypal-donations]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=RVXDDLKKLQRJW

[license]: http://showalicense.com/?fullname=Ionic%C4%83%20Biz%C4%83u%20%3Cbizauionica%40gmail.com%3E%20(https%3A%2F%2Fionicabizau.net)&year=2018#license-mit
[website]: https://ionicabizau.net
[contributing]: /CONTRIBUTING.md
[docs]: /DOCUMENTATION.md

Commit message:

Updated README to include full installation instructions

README.md, after:

<!-- Please do not edit this file. Edit the `blah` field in the `package.json` instead. If in doubt, open an issue. -->


# MS-DOS Editor Theme

 [Support me on Patreon][patreon] |  [Buy me a book][amazon] |  [PayPal][paypal-donations] |  [Ask me anything](https://github.com/IonicaBizau/ama)

> An MS-DOS Editor like theme for Visual Studio Code. It is blue.

It's important to install [this font (DOS VGA 437 Win)](https://www.dafont.com/perfect-dos-vga-437.font).

On Windows 7/10 you can install this font by downloading it and right-clicking the TTF file and select install from the list of actions.

[![ms-dos-editor-theme](https://i.imgur.com/dPXIhK5.png)](#)


## Activating the Theme + Applying the Font

- Search the VS Code extention library for `MS-DOS` and select `MS-DOS Editor Theme` from the results
- After downloading the theme, apply it and reload VS Code
- To get the proper font working edit your preferences under the `editor.fontFamily` option to include the `'PERFECT DOS VGA 437 Win'` font family.

Your `editor.fontFamily` preferences JSON should look something like this:

```json
    "editor.fontFamily": "'PERFECT DOS VGA 437 Win', Consolas, 'Courier New', monospace"
```


## :yum: How to contribute
Have an idea? Found a bug? See [how to contribute][contributing].


## :sparkling_heart: Support my projects

I open-source almost everything I can, and I try to reply everyone needing help using these projects. Obviously,
this takes time. You can integrate and use these projects in your applications *for free*! You can even change the source code and redistribute (even resell it).

However, if you get some profit from this or just want to encourage me to continue creating stuff, there are few ways you can do it:


 - Starring and sharing the projects you like :rocket:
 - [Buy me a book][amazon]—I love books! I will remember you after years if you buy me one. :grin: :book:
 - [PayPal][paypal-donations]—You can make one-time donations via PayPal. I'll probably buy a ~~coffee~~ tea. :tea:
 - [Support me on Patreon][patreon]—Set up a recurring monthly donation and you will get interesting news about what I'm doing (things that I don't share with everyone).
 - **Bitcoin**—You can send me bitcoins at this address (or scanning the code below): `1P9BRsmazNQcuyTxEqveUsnf5CERdq35V6`

    ![](https://i.imgur.com/z6OQI95.png)


Thanks! :heart:



## :scroll: License

[MIT][license] © [Ionică Bizău][website]


[patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/ionicabizau
[amazon]: http://amzn.eu/hRo9sIZ
[paypal-donations]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=RVXDDLKKLQRJW

[license]: http://showalicense.com/?fullname=Ionic%C4%83%20Biz%C4%83u%20%3Cbizauionica%40gmail.com%3E%20(https%3A%2F%2Fionicabizau.net)&year=2018#license-mit
[website]: https://ionicabizau.net
[contributing]: /CONTRIBUTING.md
[docs]: /DOCUMENTATION.md
